if you thought AI had been pretty
amazing up to now we'll buckle up
because that was just the training
wheels that was the introduction level
to get you warmed up to the concept gp4
will soon look like an archaic dinosaur
with where we're going and that is into
the era of Agents yes we are on the cusp
of a brand new era in AI I'm very
excited about it and to today I want to
explore how this is going to change
things why I'm so excited and finish
with where I see the opportunities that
we can begin positioning for now to take
advantage of this big
change so let's begin with the question
what is an AI agent essentially it's an
entity and that's a term you'll hear a
lot more of moving forward is basically
an AI model that can think and reason
and decide on what tasks to do all by
itself without any human intervention
now if that's in little chills down your
spine it should because we're entering
the age of autonomous
Ai and it's going to have more impact
than you can even begin to imagine we'll
do some crystal ball gazing in a moment
but what's triggered this new age of AI
and why do I say we're on the cusp well
just recently open AI released their
strawberry architecture through their 01
preview model in chat GPT with the
promise of more models to follow and
this architecture is nothing short of
stunning I think it's probably the
biggest sort of Leap Forward we've had
since Transformer Tech enabled large
language models all the way back in
2017 and this new technology this new
architecture enables AI to act
autonomously to do its own thinking and
research
now the model that we have today which
is absolutely phenomenal compared to the
older
llms it's pretty much still the
equivalent of a
gp2 in that it's still very early we
don't truly have agents but open AI also
launched something else a few days ago
that if you look carefully gives you a
clue to where things are going and when
you know what's coming you're better
able to
prepare they launched advanc voice which
is a standalone model which can interact
with you I used it last night to have a
discussion around the topic we're
talking about today and it absolutely
blew my mind before it crashed but it
gives you a hint into the beginnings of
personal agents an agent that you
interact with that gets to sort of know
you over time and becomes more and more
valuable to you as it learns your
preferences your style your requirements
and more
and we need to start thinking about what
that will mean and how it will change
the way we use
AI right now we have to do prompt and
response but soon we'll be able to give
an
instruction the AI will understand
it it will break it down it will think
through all the different approaches it
can go and then it'll start
performing so imagine now we have a
personal AI well that agent will want to
go and speak to other agents to conduct
its tasks so if it needs to book a
flight ticket it will want to speak to
an agent that belongs to a business that
sells flight tickets or it will talk to
an agent via API to figure out what
flights are available before it'll come
and report back to me with its
answer so agents will become
interoperable and they'll be able to
speak to each other
and that opens
up a fascinating world and gives us a
bit more of an insight into what's
coming now let me make a prediction that
is out there the internet as we know it
will
die big
claim but let's consider this through
the lens of what we have today so let's
say you're in business you have a
website people can come and visit that
website through finding it through
through search engine or content or ads
but people visit that website get the
information they need they can purchase
they can do all these wonderful
things but there's a flood of AI content
coming as more and more people Embrace
AI we're going to see tsunamis of
content wash over platforms like Amazon
the music platforms blogs there are
millions being printed every week the
internet is going to become inundated
with AI generated content search engines
are going to become less and less
effective it's going to be harder and
harder to find what you
need but now imagine
agents and let's look through that same
scenario so rather than a website you'll
have an agent that has all your
information and as a business owner you
will have an agent to represent your
business so you might have a personal
agent and you might have a business
agent now that business agent will be
open for business and other agents can
come learn about your business get the
information it needs in real
time and then report back to its
owner so all these agents speaking to
each
other roll that clock forward well
there's going to be a lot of them in
fact some estimates say there'll be
hundreds of millions if not billions of
agents and if these things replace
websites then the internet as we know it
won't be as useful it'll still be there
but it won't be used very much we'll
speak to our agent and our agent will go
out find the information and come back
and give us
options so we could be looking in the
future at an agentnet that will replace
the internet it'll need new protocols we
have tcpip for internet they'll need to
be some kind of protocol for the agents
to communicate with each other
seamlessly pass information or indicate
and validate may even be some blockchain
finally a decent use case for blockchain
Wow but the point is agents are going to
change how we do business how we
transact so we won't need websites and
payment processes and Facebook ads and
all that stuff today because the
internet will just be clogged up with
all this rubbish it's already happening
over half the internet already is AI
generated and AI content has only been
around for a few years so so uh you know
doesn't look good for the future of the
internet so I believe an agent net will
rise up don't know that for sure we're
crystal ball gazing but I want you to
imagine if that's
true and this is why I'm so excited
about the era of Agents because it's the
first real indicator that the old and
the new are parting
ways what we're doing with AI now is
just
accelerating
automating uh and person
personalizing the old methods and
creating some new ways to do old things
and it's been absolutely phenomenal the
things we can do with AI today
especially at the deeper levels are
quite mindblowing but it just scratches
the surface of the agent era and what it
will enable in real
time as we saw with voice from open AI
it is already feels like having a
personal AI to bounce ideas around with
now imagine that AI can go out and do
things autonomously as that new
architecture takes hold and we go from
the gp2 level of these new models to the
GPT 4 level and as what going to happen
in the next three months to probably two
years we're going to see
absolute chaos in terms of the way
things start changing so where are the
opportunities that are going to arise
from this era of AI agents what should
we be doing today to appear in position
to take advantage of these
opportunities number one start learning
where we're at with ag gtic workflows
that sounds very complicated but I'm
talking make.com zapia where we can
string together various AI models to
simulate what an agent will be able to
do so if it needs to do five tasks you
can create an automation with ai1 ai2
ai3 ai4 ai5 and each one has prompt
engineering that tells it what to do and
through these workflows you can automate
and do a lot of incredible things now
these things are pretty Cutting Edge but
they're going to look like Child's Play
compared to what's coming but getting
your head around it and sort of
familiarizing yourself with the sort of
steps you'd expect an agent to take this
is where you should be
looking two there's going to need to be
a lot of infrastructure built that is
going to enable agents to talk to each
other we just talking about the physical
agent net and the protocols that will
allow them to communicate and check
reputation and do all the things you'd
expect an agent to
do but at an even simpler level
businesses are going to need to be able
to buy or rent agents so there's going
to be services that people will be
looking for to have agents built trained
and deployed with iteration loops and
all that fun stuff so there is a lot of
opportunity
just in the education building training
and delivering agents let alone getting
into the platforms and the marketplaces
that people will be looking for which
could over time evolve to a new way of
search very exciting to consider the
future but it does get a bit hazy the
further out we
go three you should start learning
everything you can about AI
agents because this is the direction AI
is going and this is why I'm so excited
because we're on the cusp of a real
revolution in AI all that promise that
we had before is going to start coming
to
fruition through the agent era so
learning about these things and even
perhaps starting to create content
around this topic will help you start
positioning yourself as someone who's on
The Cutting Edge and can potentially
help other people either build deploy or
train agents in the future
or just learn what it's all
about we don't know the future but when
you think about Steve Jobs in the before
time when he was dreaming of the future
he could clearly envisage what was
coming he had a very Crystal idea of all
the steps that were going to happen and
he positioned Apple to take advantage of
those and you can do the same right now
because the clues the breadcrumbs they
are there
sty
architecture will enable
agents voice advanced voice from open
AI gives you a sort of that first hint
of what it would be like to have a
personal agent and if you haven't tried
advanced voice and just had a
conversation with it please do it'll
blow your
mind the point is that all of this is
going to happen much faster than what we
had from GPT 3.5 to where we are now and
that's been quite dramatic and drinking
from a fire hose but that is level one
that's the training level finished the
real AI era is just
beginning and it's going to be
agents that's all I really wanted to
cover today I just want to start
preparing you for where I see things are
going give you some practical tips on
what you can do to start finding
opportunities in this future future and
what you need to be doing now and I'll
have a lot more content coming and the
minute we're able to start building and
deploying our own agents I'll be here to
walk you through it we do live in
incredible times and there really has
never been an opportunity quite like the
era of agents that we're heading into
and now is the time to get involved to
start learning as I said because if you
thought chatbots and what we've had four
was a big opportunity that's nothing
compared to the transformative impact
that agents are going to have on the way
we interact and the way we do
business buckle up AI is getting fun
that's it for today I hope you found
this gazing into the crystal ball
interesting and perhaps you'll agree
with me now that what we've had before
is just the warm-up Act and the real AI
era is just beginning
I'll see you soon with some new content
around agents until then
[Music]
PE bless this has been so great and all
the lights are dimmed will shine again
my
friend everybody needs a break who will
return and trust me memories that we
make Will Keep Us full
ofly so take this time to rest we'll
meet back soon underneath the stars or
maybe beneath the moon keep that smile
on your face we'll be back to this
cherish all the
moment let the music hold on to this
feeling we'll be back one day